
## Terraform Configuration for Creating Compute Instances and Configuring Web Servers

### Variables

- `ssh_public_key`: The SSH public key used for instance authentication.
- `ssh_private_key`: The SSH private key used for instance authentication.
- `instance_shape`: The shape of the instance (VM size).
- `instance_ocpus`: The number of OCPUs for each instance.
- `instance_image_ocid`: The OCID of the instance image (Oracle Linux in this case).
- `db_size`: The size of the instance's storage in GBs.
- `instance_count`: The number of instances to create.

```hcl
variable "ssh_public_key" {}

variable "ssh_private_key" {}

variable "instance_shape" {
  default = "VM.Standard2.1"
}

variable "instance_ocpus" {
  default = 1
}

variable "instance_image_ocid" {
  default = "ocid1.image.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaa3imx2f53jbfwtl6akamfxbl2kkke74jbrek2hk5xgjvcgrw6v6fa"
}

variable "db_size" {
  default = "50" # size in GBs
}

variable "instance_count" {
  default = 2
}
```

In this variable section, you define several input variables. These variables allow you to customize the configuration without modifying the main code. The variables include the SSH public and private keys, instance shape, number of OCPUs, instance image OCID, instance storage size, and the number of instances to create.

```hcl
resource "oci_core_instance" "TFDemoInstance" {
  count = var.instance_count
  availability_domain = data.oci_identity_availability_domain.ad.name
  compartment_id      = var.compartment_id
  display_name        = "TFDemoInstance${count.index + 1}"
  shape               = var.instance_shape
  # ... (more properties)
}
```

Here, you define the `oci_core_instance` resource block to create Oracle Cloud Instances. The `count` parameter allows you to create multiple instances based on the `instance_count` variable. You specify properties like the availability domain, compartment ID, instance name, shape, and more. These properties control the instance's configuration and location.

```hcl
resource "null_resource" "remote-exec" {
  count = var.instance_count
  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    connection {
      # ... (SSH connection details)
    }

    inline = [
      # ... (commands to execute on the instance)
    ]
  }
}
```

This section defines a `null_resource` with a `remote-exec` provisioner. The provisioner is responsible for executing commands remotely on the created instances. The `count` parameter ensures that the provisioner runs for each instance. The `connection` block contains SSH connection details, such as the host, user, and private key.

Inside the `inline` block, you have a series of commands that are executed on the instances. These commands perform tasks such as setting up an MOTD, installing Apache HTTP server, creating an index page, configuring the firewall, and starting the HTTP server.
